- # Evernote nad Milanote
- The best way to remember a skill is to apply it to a project: learning-from-doing-it, instead of just plainly making a note or article without any internalisation and application. It's better to create a slide project once I've learnt something new, or got a new idea.
- In Milanote I can put text, img, and other things on a canvas without any restrictions that exist in other similar applications, like in Evernote I have to put things in order, that more or less is limiting my creativity because it makes me very difficult to connect ideas I gathered from multiple sources.
- In the past, I used to write down calculations, notes, and inspiration in any format on a plain A4 or A3 paper. I think it's one of the best way to make notes.
- But I'm afraid of a scenario in which the quantity of items in Milanote has exceeded a certain threshold that makes it very challenging to manage it. So I think Milanote is a good way to collect ideas , to process information on a broaderless canvas. But I doubt its functionality when organising tons of notes. I can't tag them and the searching function is still quite week compared with Evernote.
- So, perhaps Milanote is the best note taking app for me to inttutively draw and markup on a paper.
- So the first thing I will do after purchasing pro service is to move all existing tasks to the Milanote.
- Category as follow: (refer to obsidian or evernote)
- Then I'll tidy up evernote and to make it purely a data cabinet.
- For example, I will create a network architecture design project for a SEO, like HKEPC studio after learning something new by reading the Dummy Book/