- [[The "Dirty" Economy Of Australia]] - A summary with help of ((6413eb74-2215-4dd8-b6ee-850ab4bae203))
- #in-progress [[personal library]] - to build a private, multi-platform ebook library
-
- Last time we met each other was in late October last year before Heiki were preparing for his Japan Exchange trip. This time I decided to go to a ramen shop in Toowong. We met at 6pm. This was a good decision because the queue outside the shop after we finished our meal was very long.
- I ordered a spicy ramen, with 2-3 chasiu, less than that in Hayataka. But the good thing is extra-noodles service is free! We kept talking about our experience during the summar holiday. I introduced him our first porn star debuting in Japan. Heikei seemed to have a romantic experience in Japan. I got nothing.
- A drop of soup split on his new shirt so we went to the Coles at Toowong Village. I realised that he went there 20 years ago for sightseeing.
- Heikei wanted to go to Japan after graduation as a foreign student to learn Japanese locally. He found that doing Japanese course in Japan was much better than doing it in Australia. He could experience the culture in there, better than seating in a Japanese class here for 10 mins but it didn't guarantee you could fully understand.
- Then we went to somewhere near Milton up hill. There is an Elizabeth Street, what a noble name, after the Queen. Heikei has a friend of him laughing at the name once. We went to a Gelato shop. I ordered a vanilla and Dutch chocolate on a cup. I think Heiki just got one flavour on a cup. We talked about our aims, his concern over the world and the unstable geopolitics. He wanted to go to Japan instead of staying at here. Finland is better than Australia now, he said. He shared some video clips and photos taken in Hachinohe, under heavy snow. I'm afraid of bad weather in winter but he's okay with it of coz.
- We planned to go somewhere next week. We'll see.
-